Number of training data points: 898

Time taken to compute embeddings: 59.00 seconds

all_embeddings memory: 2.63 MB
all_data memory: 2.63 MB

(768,)
(768,)

closest to mean:  [[497, 1.3992636], [810, 1.5385426], [794, 1.550261]]

('Software Engineer – Perception', "Job Description Who Are We Industrial labor is incredibly dangerous work—nearly 3 million people in the US are injured in the workplace each year due to entirely preventable and sometimes fatal or debilitating causes. Protecting these essential workers who power our world is what motivates Voxelitos, and we would love for you to join us. At Voxel, we are passionate about revolutionizing workplace safety and operations with groundbreaking, full-stack AI and computer vision technology.  Voxel’s site intelligence platform helps safety and operations leaders identify unseen risks, make strategic decisions, and prevent workplace incidents before they occur. Our customers include Fortune 500 companies across major grocers and retailers, manufacturers, food and beverage warehouses, and supply chain and logistics service providers. Based in SF with team members located all over the globe, Voxel is backed by industry-leading VCs.  What You'll Do We are seeking a highly motivated and bright engineer to join our team and devise elegant solutions to challenging problems. This role will focus on designing and implementing systems to support Voxel's ML development. As a part of the perception team, you should be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment and solving problems across the software stack. We require engineers to be versatile and possess the ability to move across projects and tackle new challenges.  Responsibilities Develop and productionize state-of-the-art computer vision algorithms for object detection, tracking, pose estimation, activity recognition, and anomaly detection in complex indoor environments like warehouses and retail spaces.  Implement and optimize computer vision techniques for high-throughput, low-latency applications on edge compute devices.  Streamline ML data ingestion, retraining pipelines, and model redeployment workflows.  Build and maintain reliable, scalable pipelines for continuous training and deployment of ML models in production environments.  Partner with Sales, Customer Success, and Field Engineering to architect ML-driven solutions tailored to customer needs and deployment contexts.  Qualifications Must-Haves Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Robotics or a related field.  Software development experience with proficiency in Python, Go-Lang or C++.  Ability to solve complex and open-ended problems  Familiarity with version control systems like Git (e.g., branching, merging, pull requests).  Nice-to-Haves Master’s or PhD in Computer Science, Robotics, or a related field.  Coursework or research in computer vision or machine learning.  1-3 years of experience in software development.  Experience with Docker, Bazel build system and/or AWS cloud services like EKS, S3, ECS  Experience designing large, highly available distributed systems with Kubernetes.  Experience working with monocular cameras - pose estimation, tracking and state estimation, object detection, segmentation.  Why Join Us? Join a visionary team revolutionizing safety and operations, directly impacting the well-being of millions of essential workers. This is your chance to build an extraordinary business and foster a vibrant company culture that demands your absolute best. Alongside AI experts, experienced entrepreneurs, and passionate problem-solvers, you'll play a pivotal role in shaping the company's growth trajectory and market position. Enjoy a competitive salary, benefits, and a dynamic work environment.  Benefits Extensive / Generous health, dental, and vision insurance.  Highly competitive paid parental leave and support system.  Ownership in the business through an Equity Incentive Plan.  Generous paid time off and / or flexible work arrangements.  Daily meals in-office, vibrant company events, team-building.  401K retirement plan, HSA options, pre-tax Commuter Card.")

('Software Engineer, Machine Learning, Sensor Simulation', "About the job Who We Are  Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale, empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.  About The Role  Our robotics team is growing and we are looking for a Software Engineer to join our Sensor Data and Calibration team. We are searching for an engineer with robotics and machine learning expertise to develop synthetic sensor simulation models and algorithms. The ideal candidate has hands-on experience in the research, development, and implementation of machine learning methods (e.g., NeRF or Gaussian splatting) for generating synthetic sensor data (photorealistic images, realistic lidar and/or radar, etc.).  About The Work  Research, develop, and implement state-of-the-art synthetic sensor simulation methods. Analyze and characterize the realism and utility of synthetic sensor data. Answer critical questions about sensor data and autonomy performance. Collaborate with stakeholders across autonomy, infrastructure, and systems teams on map needs and requirements.  About You  Bachelor's and 1+ years of industry experience. Deep understanding of ML fundamentals with hands-on experience in training and evaluating modern ML models. Strong Python skills with experience in deep learning frameworks, e.g., PyTorch, TensorFlow, or Jax.  Bonus Points  Deep understanding of 3D geometry and state estimation fundamentals. Proficiency in systems coding. Experience in simulating/modeling real sensors (camera, lidar, radar, IMU, etc...), including noise modeling. Experience in modern ML graphics techniques, e.g., NeRF, Gaussian Splatting, and/or generative models. Experience in building ML pipelines and optimizing/productizing ML models. Demonstrated research publications in top conferences (e.g. NeurIPS, ICLR, ICML, CVPR, RSS, CoRL, ICRA).  At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $145,830 and $219,000 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.  At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.")

('Software Engineer - Core Product', "About the job About Baseten  Join our dynamic team at Baseten, where we’re revolutionizing AI deployment with cutting-edge inference infrastructure. Backed by premier investors such as  THE ROLE  As a Full-Stack Engineer, you’ll envision and build elegant systems and abstractions around the complexities our users encounter in shipping their ML products. This can range from UI builders which empower our js-averse users to create complex UIs, to systems that make ML models serving and monitoring more approachable.  We all work closely with our users, learning from their past struggles in operationalizing ML, onboarding them onto our platform, and turning our learnings into ideas for improving Baseten.  RESPONSIBILITIES:  Develop and maintain rich, interactive frontends with a focus on data-intensive interfaces, using frameworks like React and TypeScript. Build and optimize backend systems using Python and Django, ensuring seamless integration with frontend components. Establish standards and best practices for other developers, contributing to the overall improvement of the development process. Own products and projects end-to-end, functioning as both an engineer and a project manager, with a focus on user empathy, project specification, and end-to-end execution. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to translate project requirements into technical solutions. Navigate ambiguity and exercise good judgment on tradeoffs and tools needed to solve problems, avoiding unnecessary complexity. Demonstrate pride, ownership, and accountability for your work, expecting the same from your teammates. Open to learning about machine learning, even if you don’t have prior experience.  REQUIREMENTS:  Bachelor's, Master's, or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or related field. 3+ years of work professional work experience in a fast-paced, high-growth environment. Experience in backend development using Python and Django. Familiarity with building interfaces that are data-intensive and tools for technical audiences. Ability to establish standards and best practices for other developers. Ability to own projects end-to-end, from project specification to execution.  BENEFITS:  Competitive compensation package (Unlimited PTO, 401k, covered healthcare premiums). A unique opportunity to be part of a rapidly growing startup in one of the most exciting engineering fields of our era. An inclusive and supportive work culture that fosters learning and growth. Exposure to a variety of ML startups, offering unparalleled learning and networking opportunities.  Apply Now to embark on a rewarding journey in shaping the future of AI! If you are a motivated individual with a passion for machine learning and a desire to be part of a collaborative and forward-thinking team, we would love to hear from you.  At Baseten, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.")

furthest to mean:  [[666, 25.257458], [88, 24.392977], [370, 22.90651]]

('Data Scientist', 'At CSAA Insurance Services, Inc.’s office in Walnut Creek, California, identify meaningful insights from varied and moderate to large data sources; perform complex statistical analysis to interpret, quantify and validate trends or patterns. Communicate insights and findings from analysis to business stakeholders; and use well-established statistical models. Contribute to cross-functional analytics projects from beginning to end; integrate work into relationships with partner teams; suggest frame and structure questions as well as collect and analyze data; and summarize key insights in support of decision making. May work with developers to support the definition and development of data acquisition processes and to implement analytics solutions. Expand use of new statistical tools, technology, models and standards for possible use with CSAA core businesses; and present findings to peers. Verify model and algorithm effectiveness through ongoing tracking, monitoring and evaluation of results in consultation with more senior Data Scientists, business partners and clients. May lead and mentor more junior data scientists. Maintain consultative relationships with key business stakeholders. May work remotely within commuting distance of Walnut Creek, CA office.   Requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field, and 2 years of experience with applying data science and tools to large (100 million+ records and/or terabytes of data) and diverse (involving different domains and statistical attributes) big data sets.    Must have passed actuarial P Exam.   Experience must include:   Processing, cleansing, and joining various kinds of data such as telematics, web scraping and input text, to compile an Analysis Ready Dataset for modeling.  Use of various tools to develop statistical, machine learning and AI models, such as SAS, Emblem, Python, and AWS Sagemaker.  Working with data engineering and IT deployment teams to deploy a machine learning model; working with business to design and deploy model monitor; and tracking the performance of model post deployment.  Evaluating new external data sources using machine learning models by ranking predictive power to enhance future product segmentation.  Piloting and testing new modeling and analytical tools; providing insight for tool selection and helping onboard new tools.   The salary range for this position is $128,398 to $177,000 per year.  This role also includes an opportunity for a company-wide annual discretionary bonus, through our Annual Incentive Plan (AIP).   Factors used to determine the actual salary offered may include location, experience, or education.   Qualified applicants should send resumes referencing job title and location to Erica Alford at CSAA Insurance Services, Inc. at talentacquisitionoperations@csaa.com.  ')

('Language Engineer', "Overview As Microsoft AI we are pushing the boundaries of technology.     We are creating unique, beautiful and powerful products that will change lives. A small, friendly, fast-moving team, we support each other to do the best work of our lives, always looking to break new ground, fast. We are proud of what we build, how we build it and that our products will define the AI era. We run lean, obsess about users, and always make our decisions based on the evidence. We ship regularly, so your work will have real and immediate impact. It’s a time of huge change in the AI landscape, and this role will put you right in the heart of it.     We’re on the lookout for a detail-oriented Language Engineer to help build the next wave of capabilities of our personal AI, Copilot. Language is an increasingly important modality for how we interact with computers. As an Language Engineer on the Copilot team, you will be responsible for how Copilot wields language. You will collaboratively work with data scientists, AI researchers, engineers, designers, and product managers to discover issues, define policy, evaluate language, collect data and ultimately improve the Large Language Models that power Copilot. We’re looking for someone with a strong understanding of language principles, a passion for conversational AI, an abundance of positive energy, empathy, and kindness, in addition to being highly effective. The right candidate takes the initiative and enjoys building world-class consumer experiences and products in a fast-paced environment.     Our newly formed organization, Microsoft AI (MAI), focuses on Copilot and other consumer AI products and research. We combine world-class AI research together with top notch design and product craft. The wider team is responsible for Copilot, Bing, Edge, and generative AI research, while the Mobile Engineering team is responsible for leading and building the mobile experience of Copilot on iOS and Android, collaborating closely with our Product Management, Design and AI  Research teams. This role requires a balance of technical skills and effective people management skills.     Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.     By applying to this role based in U.S. Mountain View, CA, you are required to be local to the San Francisco area and in office 3 days a week.  Qualifications Required Qualifications:  Bachelor's Degree AND 2+ years experience in linguistics, computer science, writing, editing, education, or library science. OR equivalent experience or research. Preferred Qualifications:  Bachelor's Degree AND 5+ years experience in product/service/project/program management. OR equivalent experience. Familiarity with scripting languages or query languages (e.g. Python, SQL). Exceptional public speaking abilities paired with clear and effective communication skills. Experience designing data collection tasks, including instructional design, setting and implementing data quality standards, and ensuring the quality of final deliverables. Experience with Machine Learning or Large Language Models, including experience in prompt engineering. Proficiency in a language other than English to support analyzing, annotating, and editing large volumes of language data. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, manage multiple priorities, and adapt to changing requirements and deadlines. Proven ability to collaborate and contribute to a positive, inclusive work environment, fostering knowledge sharing and growth within the team. Product Management IC3 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $98,300 - $193,200 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $127,200 - $208,800 per year.  Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay  Microsoft will accept applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis.         #copilot  Responsibilities Spin the Data Flywheel: You will extract insights from extensive language datasets to uncover issues and opportunities and share recommendations with AI, Design, and Marketing teams that lead to direct product improvements. Evangelize learnings to drive impact: You will share Data Science and Product Analytics Insights in Weekly Product Reviews and facilitate collaborative, thought-provoking sessions with cross-functional teams. Build Taxonomies: You will create structured classifications and categorizations for language data. Build Curricula and Instructions for Taskers to Label Data: You will design comprehensive training materials and guidelines for taskers responsible for labeling data. Prompt Engineering: You will craft and refine the prompts used to train and evaluate our AI models. Orient the overall Copilot product strategy: You will use metrics and insights to influence the broader Copilot product roadmap.")

('Forward Deployed Engineer', "About the job Who We Are  Addepar is a global technology and data company that helps investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients. Hundreds of thousands of users have entrusted Addepar to empower smarter investment decisions and better advice over the last decade. With client presence in more than 45 countries, Addepar’s platform aggregates portfolio, market and client data for over $7 trillion in assets. Addepar’s open platform integrates with more than 100 software, data and services partners to deliver a complete solution for a wide range of firms and use cases. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in Silicon Valley, New York City, Salt Lake City, Chicago, London, Edinburgh and Pune.  The Role  Forward Deployed Engineers (FDEs) partner directly with key technical & strategic counterparts at Addepar's largest enterprise engagements. From building custom data integrations to extending platform capabilities; an FDE operates with the autonomy and ownership to drive ground-breaking change for Addepar's customers. As an FDE, you will work in small teams with minimal supervision to set priorities, lead client interactions, and be responsible for the end-to-end delivery of critically important projects.  Each engagement will take on a slightly different shape, providing a wide breadth of opportunities to solve complex technical challenges, explore new and emerging technologies, and most importantly deliver high value customer outcomes. As an FDE, you will be responsible for taking lessons learned and value gathered in the field and turning it into scalable and repeatable long term solutions. You will spend time collaborating with teams across Addepar's engineering and product organization; providing valuable insight to inform design strategy and contributing directly to the core product code base.  FDE operates as an extension of the platform rather than a services organization. This distinction allows FDE to partner with customers in a highly collaborative fashion with a focus on measurable outcomes, rather than billable hours. You will partner with other members of the FDE team to continuously evaluate the dynamic landscape of opportunities, strategic priorities, and commitments - ensuring that the team is always focused on solving the most important & impactful problems.  Addepar takes a market-based approach to pay. A successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on the role, job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target base salary for roles in Colorado, California, and New York.  The current range for this role is $107,000 - $168,000 (base salary) + bonus + equity + benefits.  Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Additionally, these ranges reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits.  Who You Are  2+ years experience as a professional Software Engineer Proficiency with one or more object-oriented programming language (Java and/or Python preferred) and/or compiled language (Go, Rust, Scala preferred) Experience building systems with Relational or NoSQL database storage BS+ in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics or other highly technical field paired with software industry experience. Ability to lead complex projects, relationships and timelines. Excels working in a cross disciplinary team/environment. (Plus) Experience in one or more strongly typed server side programming language (ex: Java, C++). (Plus) Experience with distribution storage & execution frameworks (ex. Arrow, Spark, Flink, Storm)  Our Values   Act Like an Owner - Think and operate with intention, purpose and care. Own outcomes. Build Together - Collaborate to unlock the best solutions. Deliver lasting value.  Champion Our Clients - Exceed client expectations. Our clients’ success is our success.  Drive Innovation - Be bold and unconstrained in problem solving. Transform the industry.  Embrace Learning - Engage our community to broaden our perspective. Bring a growth mindset.   In addition to our core values, Addepar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We seek to bring together diverse ideas, experiences, skill sets, perspectives, backgrounds and identities to drive innovative solutions. We commit to promoting a welcoming environment where inclusion and belonging are held as a shared responsibility.  We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.  PHISHING SCAM WARNING: Addepar is among several companies recently made aware of a phishing scam involving con artists posing as hiring managers recruiting via email, text and social media. The imposters are creating misleading email accounts, conducting remote “interviews,” and making fake job offers in order to collect personal and financial information from unsuspecting individuals. Please be aware that no job offers will be made from Addepar without a formal interview process. Additionally, Addepar will not ask you to purchase equipment or supplies as part of your onboarding process. If you have any questions, please reach out to TAinfo@addepar.com.")
